=head1 NAME

LinkExternalURL - enable linking a ticket with URLs.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

With this package installed, you can link a ticket with URLs. This can be useful if
you articles in that ticket references external URLs and you don't want to search
each article for such references.

When this package is installed, you can view a ticket (AgentTicketZoom) and click on
'Link'. Then you can choose 'URL' as the target object.

If you search for an URL that is not in the database, it is added. The title is extracted
from the content retrieved when the URL is fetched.

The linked URLs are shown as Links in the ticket zoom.

=head1 CHANGES

=head2 3.3.1 - 2014-07-16

=over 4

=item * useable for OTRS 3.0.x - 3.3.x

Without any change in the Perl code, this package works from OTRS 3.0.x to OTRS 3.3.x

=item * Switched to OTRS::OPM::Maker

=item * Added SysConfig options for FAQ and ITSMChangeManagemet

Added options to enable linking URLs with FAQ entries, ITSM Changes and ITSM WorkOrders.
They are invalid by default. When you want to use those features, you have to enable them
in SysConfig (LinkExternalURL -> Core::LinkObject).

=back

=head1 REPOSITORY & BUGS

The code repository and a bugtracker is available at L<http://github.com/reneeb/otrs-LinkExternalURL>.

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

This package was written by Renee Baecker E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

The package is licensed unter AGPL. If you
did not receive this file, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.txt>.

=cut
